well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so earlier today i did a live stream and
prior to doing it i asked for questions
on twitter
um during the live stream i got to
exactly
zero of them before time ran out so i'm
going to
answer some of them now have a laptop in
front of me i haven't looked at the
questions yet
so uh you're you're still getting kind
of a
off-the-cuff answer okay
so uh let's see why do you think the
media chooses soft language
i.e russian meddling over interference
trump's corruption
for trips to his golf course become
conflicts of
interest i think they're trying to
elicit an emotional reaction
the term meddling is vague and it can
allow you to
assume the worst the problem is
what we're dealing with in a lot of
cases is the worst
i think it would be more effective to
say russian intelligence operation
rather than russian meddling it's a
choice of language in which i think the
media outlets are trying to elicit an
emotional reaction
when a rational one would probably
better serve the country
why why do so many americans still
support donald trump i don't have a clue
i don't have a clue i think a lot of
people
are reluctant to admit they were wrong
initially and i think some people listen
to the talking points
and those talking points resonate with
them rather than
look at what he actually accomplishes or
fails to accomplish
how do friends neighbors react to your
opinions
since they're often public and how do
you approach a civil fact-based
conversation with those who don't agree
with you
i've always been very open about my
political opinions by this stage in my
life
most people i interact with know what
they are and they don't
uh they don't bring it up normally
if uh if they disagree uh because i
i don't mind talking to people about it
and i will
carry on a conversation about it and
most times people don't really want a
conversation
they don't want a rational discussion
about events they want reinforcement
of their own beliefs and that's not
something i'm known for so normally
people don't start those conversations
with me
um
the i mean you've described how to do it
how do you approach a civil
fact-based conversation with those who
don't agree with you when you're talking
to people who don't agree with you
stay civil as much as humanly possible
and stick to the facts things that you
can objectively prove
it's easier now that you have a cell
phone in your pocket you can be like no
you're wrong here you go
can we acknowledge that trump has
brought about
renewed civic discourse yeah absolutely
um
i truly believe that if
if we realize that biden is not a savior
and is just a a stop gap
and we continue the amount of political
engagement that we currently have in
this country because of trump
oddly enough he may be a net good he may
he may be responsible for pushing people
to more progressive outlooks because
he did rip the facade off of
the american dream and revealed the
nightmare that's underneath for a whole
lot of people
um so i think that that would
i i think in a way he may
be a good thing as long as he can be
stopped before he comes a
really bad thing you know
um
if trump does in fact lose do you think
his followers will turn violent
i think some will yeah i i think
i think it'll be sporadic and
short-lived um
during the live stream somebody brought
up the years of lead
and i uh uh yeah i really hope it
doesn't
turn into that i think it would be a
short flare up
and i think the response would be pretty
significant
so i don't i'm hopeful that it wouldn't
be a protracted thing
but we'll have to wait and see there is
a
no matter how small it is a realistic
possibility
that things get out of hand
why are some progressives so focused on
how joe biden
isn't progressive enough for them that
they'd rather see
trump reelected than vote for biden um
there are people who want to accelerate
things i'm not one of them
i think there's a lot of people who
don't want to uh
delude themselves into thinking that joe
biden represents
their interests because he doesn't for
most
most people watching this channel joe
biden doesn't represent the change you
want
however he's definitely better
than the change you're going to get from
trump
and i i think that he's more easily
countered i think it would be easier to
to push more progressive policies
forward i don't think he's progressive
but i don't think that he would stand in
the way of progress
um so i think for those who draw
attention to the fact that he isn't
progressive
i think it's them wanting to remind
people that this doesn't end
on you know at the inauguration
we have to continue to stay politically
engaged
and i i'm definitely one of those people
let's see 45 said he would leave
the united states if biden was allowed
to win
yeah good um but
you know and it goes on this goes on to
talk about is it
possible indictments and stuff like that
now he's already got some waiting
overseas
that's the thing um
so i don't know if uh
i don't know what he's gonna do if he
leaves good
um i don't have a lot of faith in the
american justice system bringing a
former president to uh trial
so short of that
you know don't go away mad just go away
do i think trump will actually leave the
united states if he loses the election
i don't know see realistically um
you know the idea that's being flowed by
a lot of people is that he wants to do
this to get away from
prosecution i think it was an offhand
comment
that he made and i don't i don't think
he's
i think he's too arrogant to believe he
would lose in court
so i think he would actually stay and
try to fight you know
eu dude here how can americans seem
not to comprehend see the benefits of
public free
universal health care okay so your
average american
most americans understand that that's
like super important
the problem is those with money don't
because it does doesn't benefit them
um i i would be willing to bet that
most americans i actually don't remember
seeing any polls on this
but anecdotally i would suggest that
most americans
are very clear on the fact that
everybody needs health care and
i think that most americans would be
okay with using tax dollars for that
for those who are in opposition i think
a lot of it has to do with
the idea of letting the government have
control of something
because that's part of the american
mythology
is that we're very individualistic
we're not really but we like to pretend
that we are
and therefore we don't want the
government to have control over
health care that's the idea anyway
um help me convince a 31 year old male
wants to ride in nader to vote for
for biden um
i don't actually i don't tell people how
to vote
i don't endorse candidates um i don't
even tell people that if they don't
believe in voting they should vote
i i i understand the desire
to try to convince everybody to vote for
your chosen candidate
the reality is their interests may not
line up
they may not be able to stomach that it
may not be something they can do in good
conscience
at the end of the day i know that people
like to say
a vote for anybody but but biden is a
vote for trump
that's not true any vote that isn't for
trump
is a vote against him um i'm a huge fan
of the p in fact i participated in it
the other day a huge fan
of the the strategy to convince
small government conservatives to vote
for joe jorgensen
because it's pulling votes away from
trump and therefore would make that
landslide
between the popular vote totals of trump
and biden
even more pronounced this is the
opposite this is taking one from biden
but i mean there's a reason voting's
done in secret
i don't i don't like doing that
i think it is important that trump lose
in a landslide
and that's really all i that's all i
feel that i can ethically say
um
do you think a lot of the early voting
is done by trump
trump supporters following his command
commander
vote multiple times um
i don't know i i think that there are a
whole lot of people who are
genuinely just tired of trump
and i think that may be motivating at
some
do you think hunter biden is objectively
cooler than trump's sons
well yeah i mean even their scan even if
scandals are cooler
so yeah absolutely
how do we keep focus on social economic
equality
once trump is out of office
i don't think that's going to be a
problem because
biden isn't magic all of the issues that
currently exist
they're still going to be there and
they're going to be exacerbated
and laid bare by the public health thing
so i
i think they're going to be very
apparent for a lot of people i'm just
hoping that
people still stay politically engaged
that's my that's my big fear
like my one fear about a biden win is
that people
believe everything's gonna go back and
everything's gonna be fine
the reality is it wasn't fine before for
a whole lot of people
this just exposed it now we have to fix
it
do you think the brass interprets the
election results for themselves
and if so and biden wins and tries
anything
will guard units and
federal agents follow nca
um
that's a tough question to be honest um
i don't i don't know
i think that that would if it if it
devolves to that point
first we're in a lot of trouble if it
gets to that point where commanders are
having to make those decisions
it's it's a sign that things are going
to get really bad
and as far as i'm concerned if i were
you guys and it came to that point
and commanders were making the decision
whether or not to side with
biden or trump that's not a
cue to become politically active that's
cue to get out
that's that's cue to leave because it is
going to get bad
at the end of the day i think it would
be commander by commander
basis if it
if it falls to that point it's going to
be done
by individual commands and it would
probably split
how many yeah i can't read that
what is your ideal country my ideal
country
i have a video called let's talk about
the world i want
or something like that that's my ideal
country the maximum
amount of freedom and the maximum amount
of cooperation
between people
uh let's see there are a lot of stories
floating around about possible gop
plans to nullify popular vote in key
states by using faithless electors
i would uh
i think that republicans have wisened
to the concept that trump is dragging
them down
i don't know that they'd go along with
it um
i don't i don't know why i continue
to have faith in these people
i have no logical reason to believe that
all of a sudden
they would grow a backbone other than
the fact that now it's in their
political interests
so
i uh it's a possibility but i don't
think it's
likely why don't you follow me back
my social media follows and friends and
stuff like that there it's
it's almost random so i wouldn't read
too much into that
if you can think of any if you can think
of any what advice
would you give to progressives who want
to run for any political office hide
uh hi hide your power level
um i i would not come out
swinging for the fences and saying the
most radical thing you can think
of you can talk about it you can say you
support it but i wouldn't suggest saying
hey this is the
legislation i'm going to introduce let
those people who
are on the ideological front lines
carry that your goal as a legislator
would be to get get to that point as
quickly as possible
with in small enough steps that will
keep you in office
because if that's the goal you're you're
going for
and your your idea is to progress things
we want you in office as long as
possible
so you don't want to propose legislation
that might turn your constituency
against you
[Music]
okay so i'm sure there's going to be a
couple questions about this
this is i'd love to hear your take on
trump's claim about the marshals in
portland and what they did
i don't believe what trump says period
okay when he says something i don't
accept it as fact
i don't want to accept something as fact
simply because i believe it may be true
and this time it's something that timmy
seems more plausible
it's still trump he's still a a liar so
i can't
accept his word you know he said that
they didn't want to arrest him that they
were going there to do this and
made it sound planned i need evidence to
back that up
trump's word is worth nothing to me um
and that's
whether or not i believe it's something
that's possible
or him saying something that i don't
think is possible
it means nothing it carries no weight to
me
um
mayo like or dislike
i guess that would depend on what it's
going on but generally
dislike what is your favorite book
all of them all of them um
see i that's a hard question that's like
asking for a favorite movie
it depends on what your
what you're in the mood for what you're
trying to learn stuff like that
i just i i don't i never have an answer
to that question
um when it comes to the question of
stacking the court what are your
thoughts on just removing the last two
justices
yes yeah now be honest up until
they decided to nominate somebody who
couldn't identify the elements of the
first amendment
i actually wasn't in favor of anything
radical um
once not just did they nominate her
but now it seems like they don't care
that she doesn't know what's in the
constitution
all bets are off um if they want to add
judges
they want to reduce judges yeah i
you're not going to hear a complaint
from me
they acted in bad faith so i
i no longer care
you know they took the gloves off as far
as undermining the constitution
all right fine
um what's the clearest physical
surrounding indication that we're right
for fascism
the fact that people don't realize that
it's kind of already here
um i think that has uh
a lot of warning signs in it
how do we reduce political division
after the election
facts facts after the election
we can't use emotional rhetoric anymore
we have to use
cold hard truth this is what trump told
you
here's the truth he was wrong about this
thing that can be objectively proven
his opinions are probably wrong too i
think we're going to have to focus on
things that were just completely
indisputable and let the chips fall
where they may from there
what is your beard grooming routine i
don't have one
um like dove soap i
don't the reason i have a beard it's not
a fashion statement i'm just
totally i'm like half retired
and don't want to do anything
so it's really kind of that simple
see what would you say to people who
vote republican to protect their
second amendment rights and justify with
the
to guard against tyranny argument yeah
as that worked out this time
um as far as the second amendment
argument i think
the strongest argument to put forth when
somebody says oh i'm gonna vote for
trump
because of the second amendment i would
point out
that the obama biden administration was
more pro-gun
than trump ever was and that's objective
fact that can be proven
the obama administration put military
surplus arms on the market
the obama administration um expanded
concealed carry
a whole bunch of stuff i would stick to
that trump's record on guns
is actually pretty bad i don't i don't
know why people think he's the savior of
the second amendment he's not
he has expressed open support
for things that under normal
circumstances the second amendment crowd
would just immediately reject
um
bad
how bad of a crime do you believe bad
cops would have to commit to finally
make those
mentally enslaved to authority wake up i
don't think there's such a thing
i don't think that's what's going to do
it
there have been plenty of really bad
incidents involving law enforcement
if it was something if it was them doing
something
negative that was going to wake people
up it already would have happened
i mean there there's countless incidents
and none of them have worked it's going
to take education
um see already answered that
can we place term limits on congress uh
yeah but you got to get congress to do
it and that seems super unlikely
so
here's a list of things i'm curious
about please pick and choose your
discretion
what do you feel like people
misunderstand about messages you try
and get across the most
uh i don't know i have been accused of
many things in my life being an
articulate is not one of them
i think that i hope i make my points
pretty clearly
what's your biggest but most grounded
fear for the next six months
that biden wins and everybody thinks
everything's fine all of a sudden
and we lose the political engagement
that we have
uh
yeah okay
uh what platform uh youtube it was on
youtube
but that you you've definitely missed
that
another comment drawing to oh same
person okay
let's see
do you think we can re realistically get
rid of the electoral college and if so
how um if the democrats
win they might want to however i would
caution people i think it's a good idea
to get rid of the electoral college at
this point
however i think we need a higher
threshold if we're going to get rid of
the electoral college
we should probably require a
presidential candidate
to get way more than just 50 of the vote
it can't just be a simple majority maybe
make it 60.
and that would help sell safeguard those
in
cities from the rural vote and those in
rural areas from the city vote
that way no matter how the demographics
play out in the future
they're going to it's unlikely that it's
going to divide more than that
so
uh removal of the electoral college
thoughts on the people's party
it's a good start it's a stepping stone
as long as it doesn't fall apart
immediately after the election that's
one of the things about third parties is
they don't put in the effort to build
the ground game when there's not an
election
um
ending the pre-fund mandate on the
postal service
yes that's a good idea i'm not sure
let's see what do you think
of trump saying he'll leave the country
yeah
i think it's ooh dude i think it was a
whistle to putin
or other allies i don't know
i don't know i would hope that he
understands that
let's just say that everything's true
he's an agent of influence and putin is
an ex-intelligence officer
at the end of the day when the agent of
influence no longer has influence
it doesn't do the intelligence officer
any good to protect them
to be honest if if that's the scenario
that's playing out
putin probably isn't going to help
that's the danger of being a reality tv
show host
going toe-to-toe with one of the 20th
century's greatest intelligence officers
you're probably out of your league
what are the most likely outcomes after
a biden win
i would hope that he tries to stick
status quo which is what he's promised
is probably what he's going to try to do
is just return things to
clinton bush obama that's what he's
going to try to do i would hope
that there is a senate and house that's
going to push him further
can you talk more about how to start the
community building stuff when you have
no relationships in the community around
you
um okay so you are on twitter
there's a tweet that i have penned that
has
every state and basically click on your
state
like below it you can click on your
state and then scroll all the way down
there's a whole bunch of people in that
state maybe there's somebody near you
um reach out to him over twitter
exercise good caution
those people are not vetted at all
okay so just it's a stranger from the
internet and all that
um
maybe discuss the reddit thread that
talks about canada sending
troops to the border to help refugees
after the election
i didn't know that was a reddit thread
but
yeah i mean realistically it's a
possibility
again i'm hoping none of this is likely
what do you think comes after a trump
administration if he wins a second term
a third and then a fourth
if he gets a second term i don't think
there's going to be a
i i don't think it's going to proceed as
usual after that
fully expect to encounter trump poll
watchers on november 3rd what are your
suggestions on how to handle that
situation
wear nondescript clothing don't engage
if you have the ability you know if
you're somebody who looks like me wave
and smile
you know just most of them
have no clue what this isn't a country
where intimidation at the polls
occurs in large uh in large numbers
most these guys are gonna have no clue
what they're really supposed to be doing
they're out there
playing gi joe dress up um they're
looking for guys dressed in all black
that type of thing
i don't i think the overwhelming
majority of them that show up
are just going to be there to stand
around
i would try to avoid them and if not
defuse the situation you know if you
can't defuse it any way you have to
any way you have to and that means you
know if it takes saying
yeah voted for trump
do it you you don't owe them honesty
they're not being honest with you their
goal there
is to intimidate you they just don't
know
uh how see
how certain are you of a biden harris
win
in a blue wave for other elections i am
reasonably confident
that a uh that biden's gonna win looking
at
the polls in the different states and
what it takes to win
get 270 270 electoral votes
i think that's incredibly likely whether
or not he's going to win
in big enough numbers to create that
landslide where we don't have
legal battles and stuff like that
afterward that i'm not sure of
i do think he'll get 270 though
let's see
what do you think is in store for us
from now until january if biden wins
trump lame duck he could do a lot of
damage
i don't i don't know um
a soup recipe somebody asked me to put
out like a redneck cooking book
and i i might actually do that at some
point if i ever get time
what's your favorite fast food taco bell
or crustal
should quart packing be a goal
again i don't i don't have an objection
to it anymore
um who's your favorite ninja turtle
donatello the one that built stuff let's
see
super salad salad what branch of the
military did you serve and this comes up
all the time i was never active duty i
was a private
consultant contractor whatever term you
want to use
um what's the best piece of advice
you've ever received
you're not gonna make it you're not
that's
it had somebody not giving me that
advice
probably wouldn't be standing here right
now
one of those things where accepting the
inevitable prevents it
how do we respond to trumpism once he's
out of office
i would suggest getting rid of anybody
who helped
who pushed policy um
making sure that they they can't get
another position they can't get another
government job they aren't re-elected
i do believe that we have to engage in
detrompification
um there are going to be some people who
were just following orders
and at this point there are very few of
those
who i think warrant criminal
um prosecution there are a couple
but not many
but the idea would be to get rid of
the the ideology
that enabled him and that takes more
education
than anything
let's see what are reputable sources for
researching validating news stories
that's going to depend on the news story
a lot of times i like to go to trade
magazines
you can find out a lot of information
about various things by looking at
magazines that are or outlets
online that are
written specifically for a group for a
trade
um that that's a good place to get a lot
of information that doesn't show up
in mainstream news
additionally what types of information
do you trust
trust but verify everything
i don't remember if you ever went into
this
in your vids but what got you into
journalism
um so i was a consultant a contractor my
skills were
gathering information documenting stuff
distilling it explaining it
and shooting a gun you remove the gun
and i'm a journalist that's i mean
that's what happened
um it was a skill set i had
and it was something that i was
interested in because i thought it could
affect
change and that that's how i wound up
here
um
i don't trust trump to step down if he
loses i don't think many people do
let's see black men seem to be finally
waking up to the fact
that no party actually cares about them
and are starting to demand
representation in these party platforms
if they want our vote what condems do
after not including us
much up to now to get these votes you
know
i was thinking i was actually thinking
about this today
it's interesting to me and it's
something i'm probably going to delve
into in a
a future video how
when you look at the parties generally
speaking it's white folk
talking about what's best for black folk
and you don't have
a lot of black folk in the conversation
that's probably not a good way to solve
the problem um
i think that
i i think any party that wants to
actually earn
votes from black people should probably
have
black people in their upper echelons
and i don't mean those who
are uh i
i mean people that are representative of
of the black population i i don't think
that
you know the person who went to yale who
you know had a trust fund when they were
born is necessarily
going to have the answers i i think you
need people
from the ground level um
and again this was something i started
thinking about earlier today
and uh there's probably gonna be a long
video about this coming up
as soon as i can kind of get my thoughts
together on that one
okay
let's see should the us rewrite its
constitution
and turn to have a having a
parliamentary system
um i don't know
i mean it's
when you talk about giant ideas like
that the devil's in details
you i mean that could be a good thing or
a bad thing depending on how it shakes
out
uh talk about ranked choice voting
generally i think it's a good idea
i think that we need to make it easier
for people to vote their conscience
and not have negative outcomes because
of that
and i also think we needed to be harder
to become elected
um i think they're raising the threshold
where 50 isn't enough you need more than
that
so you know from the beginning that at
the very least
the person can build a coalition the
person can get people behind them
i think that's important um
are you going live on twitch or youtube
youtube a while ago sorry
but see i didn't read these when because
i wanted to be able to
anyway can a former president
permanently leave the u.s after leaving
office
yeah yeah they can
i already talked about that
let's see what made you give up
weapons professionally and or in your
personal life
uh i know there's a lot of theories on
this and there there's
one in particular that people seem to
think it's related to something else
it's not i'd actually started getting
rid of all of my stuff
before then
i had i i had some ptsd issues
and i had uh basically had a friend at
one point
like yeah i'm taking this with me it was
at that point that i probably realized
i should start getting rid of all of
them
um
what's your favorite film again
i don't know favorite band same thing
what's the worst thing you think donald
trump will do if he gets a second term
take a third term
uh what's your full political journey
way too long to get into in this video
um let's see
ah do i wow i'm gonna rephrase that
do i think that citizens should start
training in various ways i think that
everybody
should have a wide skill set i i don't
think
and understand when i say this i'm not
necessarily talking about because what
may happen in a few months
i think generally everybody should
every community should be pretty
self-sufficient and that's
all the time having nothing to do with
the election
any plans for a discord server for
subscribers if you are a patreon
supporter
we have a discord um that's like one of
the few things patreon
subscribers get so
um because i don't want to put any
content behind a paywall i want
everybody to be able to access it
whether they have
money or not um and on the second
channel if you're a patreon sponsor just
so you know
you'll get early access to the videos
when they start coming out has trump
committed treason yet
i don't know um if he interfered
if the bounty thing is legitimate and he
interfered with that
that would be adhering to an enemy so
maybe
but there there's a lot we have to find
out first
treason in the united states i'm sure
y'all get tired of hearing this but it
is incredibly specific
you you almost have to try
to commit treason in the u.s it's one of
the few
it may be the only crime actually
outlined in the constitution and defined
in the constitution
how are state and local politics have
attitudes changed
over the past few months with governor
no people here
if you don't know i'm in a red part of
florida
and people here are still referring to
him as that idiot in tallahassee
um he is incredibly unpopular
so that that hasn't changed
um
can you make a video on how you or
anyone could reach trump supporters
after the election i plan on doing a lot
of them um there there are going to be a
lot of videos
that uh are have an upside down
patch um where i'm leading in with
something to draw people and exploiting
that sunk cost fallacy
um i don't think it's going to do any
good to do it over the next few days
i don't think anybody's mind is really
going to be changed anytime
soon i'm seeing a lot of
political analysis posts which is cool
but when
win or lose how do we keep the moment
for change going
some are worried a biden win
makes us complace yeah me some are
worried a trump win well you know
how do we keep eyes on the future we we
do it
we'll lead by we have to lead by example
those of us that are worried
about that eventuality we have to push
harder than anybody else
we have to keep people motivated and
make sure they understand
it doesn't end just because trump's out
of office all the problems are still
there
in fact more than when he took over
how many t-shirts do you own and does
your wife do your laundry
um a lot i i don't know i've never
counted i have a lot of t-shirts
um and no we
we my wife and i uh split
domestic chores like it's not like
she does the dishes and i do the laundry
it's just when it needs to get done it
gets done
um
do you think the chances of trump
fleeing the country are i think he's too
arrogant i think he'll try to fight
um any charges because he'll want to win
okay thoughts on the long-term damage of
the lockdown
um
i would hope that
any new administration is going to
understand
that it's not even
the lockdown even in areas where there
wasn't one
like here um
there uh there were economic impacts
i would hope that any administration
coming in anybody
understands that there was widespread
economic damage
due to the public health issue and that
it's gonna have to be remedied
and that remedy has to start at the
bottom if they do it at the top it is
not going to work
and i think they know that um
and if they don't they're they're going
to end up finding out because
there are a lot of issues that are right
below the surface right now
and if they don't act it's going to
they'll bubble over and they'll see the
impacts
in their stock portfolios which often
times that's all they care about
okay so there's a whole
bunch of answers um
same closing so the second channel is
coming
and it's going to be long format content
documentary style stuff
some of it's going to be on the road
some of it's going to be
like normal documentaries um
and that's coming very very soon
and other than that
you know thanks for uh hanging in there
with me sorry i couldn't get to these in
the live stream but i had a
limited amount of time to work with
anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night